Red Energy Agentic Presentation - Contact Centre Vulnerable Community AI assessment
November 11, 2025
Expires in 180 days
•0 views•SharePoint App
•

Documents

Recordings
Transcript. Use arrow keys to navigate between transcript entries. Select an entry to navigate the media to the time of the entry.




AI-generated content may be incorrect

Jim Freeman
0 minutes 4 seconds0:04
Jim Freeman 0 minutes 4 seconds
OK. Kimberly, tell us what VML wants.

MERVYN TAN
0 minutes 5 seconds0:05
MERVYN TAN 0 minutes 5 seconds
Yeah.

KIMBERLEY MARLAY
0 minutes 7 seconds0:07
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 0 minutes 7 seconds
Hmm.

MERVYN TAN
0 minutes 10 seconds0:10
MERVYN TAN 0 minutes 10 seconds
Yeah.

KIMBERLEY MARLAY
0 minutes 10 seconds0:10
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 0 minutes 10 seconds
I don't think it's what VML wants. I can tell you what I want from VML, so I think off the back of watching all of you do all of this, Jim and us struggling with what the pricing piece is for this whole legentic system that you've been building, that the real differentiation once everyone catches up to you is.

Jim Freeman
0 minutes 14 seconds0:14
Jim Freeman 0 minutes 14 seconds
Yeah, yeah, fair enough.

MERVYN TAN
0 minutes 14 seconds0:14
MERVYN TAN 0 minutes 14 seconds
OK.

KIMBERLEY MARLAY
0 minutes 29 seconds0:29
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 0 minutes 29 seconds
Around the consortia that's been built around these systems because it's not so much around each of the genetic systems because like I said, a smart cookie's going to be able to do what you've you've done, maybe not as fast, but by that time, hopefully we'll have this consortia built where, say, VML is already plugged in, so.

Jim Freeman
0 minutes 41 seconds0:41
Jim Freeman 0 minutes 41 seconds
No, no, they'll go.

KIMBERLEY MARLAY
0 minutes 48 seconds0:48
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 0 minutes 48 seconds
The example around the chickens or I kind of came up with an example around warehouse. When we're talking to VML when they are in a situation. So as we're talking about a marketing persona, if I'm the marketer and the warehouse comes to me and says, oh, we keep on having people fall over, we need an internal communication.
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 1 minute 8 seconds
Campaign and some posters to stop around safety. That's going to be right at the bottom of my list of things to do. Like. Yeah, cool. Great. I'll get to it. And then as a marketer, they hate writing briefs and doing all that stuff and engaging the agency and bringing them up to speed.
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 1 minute 24 seconds
What I saw as an opportunity and a differentiator with this whole consortia ID is an energetic system, say the warehouse manager identifies this problem or has an agent that's working with him going oh, you keep on getting all these issues happen. You need to do a safety campaign. This is what I recommend.
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 1 minute 42 seconds
Now the market that the warehouse man, it doesn't have to go the marketing be on list #20 on the list. It can package up the system package up that campaign and press go and then it would go out to the ecosystem which would be VML in this instance the marketer is taking on the journey and say Yep, this is happening, they're using.
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 2 minutes 1 second
10 coupons to build an internal comms campaign or all these posters, the marketers say. Yep, great. I'm across it. Tick yes. And then that VML gets a packaged up brief based on what's been developed or recommended from the agent and then they can go off and work and they can work directly with the client who is the warehouse manager in this instance, not.
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 2 minutes 21 seconds
Marketing organisation. But everyone's kind of all systematically included around whatever the outcome is. So if you look at that just in that tiny example of persona, the eugenic system that's.
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 2 minutes 35 seconds
Play song.
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 2 minutes 36 seconds
Potentially built off the back of any industry can be huge, but the value is the consortia and the fact that you can bring this system ecosystem together that can solve many problems across all these different departments. So that's what I see as the potential of us working together, but it's not limited to.
KIMBERLEY MARLAY 2 minutes 56 seconds
ML it's limited. It's like how big of a play can you make it?

Jim Freeman stopped transcription